Project Description
Title 
Android Crime Reporter and Missing Person Finder
Details
Bangladesh has been  facing  the  problems  of  crime,  criminality  and  corruption with its diversified forms, from the very beginning of the country's independence. People are avoiding crimes happening around them unless they are facing the same problem. On top of it due to technological advancements we are facing a massive amount of cyber crimes. If we ask them why aren’t you complaining to the police station? The answers are mostly the same: lack of justice, lack of interest to solve a case by police, bribe, they would be harassed instead of getting justice, courage to talk to police face to face also keep the incidents secret and many more. To solve these problems We here propose an android app to tackle these problems, 
so that people don't need to go to the police station physically. We will introduce a police rating system, this system will help police officers to grow interest in solving cases and more transparently,we will also make every conversation between police and complainants recorded and bring under higher supervision. This way we will be able to mitigate the fear to talk to police and bribery. We will introduce statistics of recent incidents near them which got justice in order to give them the confidence that they will get justice.  Since every single process will be done online, there won’t be any hassle or time consuming issues in it. 

Scope and Objectives
According to a recent survey conducted by Cyber Crime Awareness Foundation 80 percent of cyber crime victims do not report the cases to law enforcement agencies. And almost 73 percent of people are not satisfied after complaining to the police  because they are not successfully being reported or investigated and many more reasons. The main objective of our project is to bring a  significant change in this statistic. if we made this app we will be able to mitigate this problems because processing delay
